SpreeHistoricalStock
====================

This gem provide a new spree report at the admin section. Shows every time a variant ran out of stock by location. The gem provide a new model called StockEvent, that save an event named "out_of_stock". You can expand this model behaivor by register other stock events and code a new report with that information.

For example, you can create a new StockEvent every time stock hits a minimun X value in a new event_name like "minimun_stock". After that, you have to add a new custom report in the admin report_controller.   

### Out of stock reports

The report information details:
- __Location__ : Location name where the event occurred.
- __SKU__ : SKU of the variant product that ran out of stock.
- __Date__ : Date of the event.
- __Was backorderable?__ : True if at the moment the event occurred the stock item was mark as backorderable.
- __Current stock__ : As the moment the event occurred the stock item count_on_hand was 0, this detail show the present state of stock item count_on_hand.

## Installation

1. Add this extension to your Gemfile with this line:
  ```ruby
  gem 'spree_historical_stock', :git => 'https://github.com/mperaltacid/spree_historical_stock.git'
  ```

2. Install the gem using Bundler:
  ```ruby
  bundle install
  ```

3. Copy & run migrations
  ```ruby
  bundle exec rails g spree_historical_stock:install
  ```

4. Restart your server

  If your server was running, restart it so that it can find the assets properly.

## Testing

First bundle your dependencies, then run `rake`. `rake` will default to building the dummy app if it does not exist, then it will run specs. The dummy app can be regenerated by using `rake test_app`.

```shell
bundle
bundle exec rake
```

When testing your applications integration with this extension you may use it's factories.
Simply add this require statement to your spec_helper:

```ruby
require 'spree_historical_stock/factories'
```


Copyright (c) 2018 mperalta@acid.cl, released under the New BSD License
